The date is 31 October 2001 and the place is
Kodai
Kanal. Murugeshan and Raman are
two forest guards of Tamil Nadu government who are patrolling near Kodai Kanal.
Whatever activity
they see about animals, they note it on their note pad
and inform the head office. But one
day during patrolling they
saw something strange. They saw a body of a young man
[music] near the mountains.
From the lifestyle of that man, they came to know
that this man is
not a local. Police came there. A case was filed
and investigation started.
In the autopsy report, it was found that the man had died due to
strangulation. It is a case of murder.
Police buried that body and
started investigation. While investigating,
their suspicion falls on a man.
He is called Dosa King in Tamil Nadu,
P. Rajagopal. Rajagopal is a self-made
millionaire who is the owner of one of the most
successful restaurant chain Sarvana Bhavan in India.
Rajagopal has no dearth of anything, neither
money nor power.  Nor the
respect of millions of people, then why is this man being
linked to the dead body
that was found in the mountains of Kodai Kanal,
but to understand this thing we will have to
rewind a little. This is the
story of the crime of Dosa King, for which I have
used this book and other articles
which you will find in the description
[Music]
Our story begins
10 days
before the independence of the country, a child is born in a small village of Tamil Nadu,
his name is Pichai
Rajagopal, this family belongs to the Nadar community, who once used to
sell toddy, but by the 20th
century they started trading, this society is
very hardworking and doing business is a common thing,
but Rajagopal's family is not very rich,
that's why one day Rajagopal
leaves school to earn money and decides to
start a business,
after doing many small jobs, at the
age of 21 he opens a small grocery shop in Kodam Bak city,
he names this shop
Murugan, the name of the same God whom Rajagopal
worships and this  The slogan of Murugan Store
is Quality High Quality. In the same year,
Rajagopal married Valli Amal. In the next
10 years, Rajagopal
opened his grocery store in Chennai
in KK Nagar area. One day, when he was
sitting in the shop, a customer came. The
customer said, "Friend, I have to go
at least 5 km to eat food because
there is nothing to eat here." On
hearing the customer, Rajagopal got
an idea that why don't
I open a good restaurant in this area
where middle class families
can eat tasty food in a very clean area.
This idea got confirmed in Rajagopal's mind
when he met an astrologer
who told him to start such a business
which required fire. First of all,
Rajagopal thought about the name of his restaurant. The
name of his grocery store
was Murugan Store. Another name for Lord Murugan is
Sarvana and that is why the
name of the restaurant became Sarvana Bhavan. On
14 December 1981, Rajagopal opened his grocery store in a slum area of ​​Chennai.  He
opens his first restaurant and starts selling dosa, idli and vada. It
seems as if there are no restaurants in Chennai at that time. In
fact, Krishna
Eduramp
buys vegetables and pays his workers
minimum wages. But Rajagopal did
not listen to this. Instead, he did the opposite. He
bought top quality ingredients and
gave good turbans to his workers.
Slowly, the word about his restaurant
started spreading and people started coming there to eat.
Rajagopal does not compromise on the quality of food.
He keeps an eye on even small things. The
red chilli for the sambhar powder should come from the wholesaler of Jute,
while tamarind is from Tumkur in Karnataka. And
clinker is very important for Rajagopal. In
fact,
he himself pays for the hair cut, soap and nail cutter of his employees.
He also introduces many benefits for his staff
which
many people do not give in those times, let alone in this era, like
free education for two children of every employee,
life insurance, and
new clothes for the whole family on Pongal. Because of such things, the
employees of Saravana Bhavan also work very
hard.  Infact they
consider Rajgopal as God and everyone calls him Anaachi.
Anaachi is a Tamil word which means elder
brother but those people who consider Rajgopal as God do
n't know that God
can also become a devil.
[Music] There is
a small town Vedaranyam which is 400 kms away from Chennai.
Here there is a family of four people.
Parents, a boy and a girl. The
girl's name is Jeev
Jyoti. Jeev Jyoti's father's
business failed and he has a debt of 3 lakhs on his head. To
pay off this debt, he
roams around the city in search of a job and
finally he gets a job
in Chennai's KK Nagar branch of Saravana Bhavan. And
so the whole family shifts to Chennai
in the hope that Anaachi will change their life. So much so that
the family
gives their entire property to Rajgopal
because Rajgopal
gives higher interest rate on his employees' money than traditional
banks. So all the employees
deposit their money with Rajgopal and
after meeting Raj Gopal, it seems as if the
whole luck of the family has changed.  Within a few months,
Jeev Jyoti's father became an assistant manager
and also gave them a house near the restaurant,
that too on free rent. Many years passed
and the whole life of the family changed and
they started thinking whether this was a dream.
Jeev Jyoti then turned 15 and
many people considered her beautiful. She was fair in complexion, had thick
eyes and thick hair. Due to this,
she got attention everywhere. Now where the
girl of the family was getting attention, the parents wanted the
boy to study at least, so
they found a math tutor for their son,
Prince Shanta Kumar.
After the tutor, the boy's math codes
started improving and the whole family was very impressed with Prince
and at the same time, Rajgopal's
interest in Jeev Jyoti's family kept increasing. At the
same time, Rajgopal got married for the second time.
Marrying twice is not a rare thing in India.
It is definitely against the law, but
it is considered illegal only when there is a
formal complaint. In states like Tamil Nadu,
marrying more than once is
not that uncommon and it is called
Chinna Vitu, meaning disturbing the small house.  The thing is
that Rajgopal's second wife was actually
his cook's wife and the cook
tried to ignore Rajgopal but
due to Rajgopal's pressure and fear, he
surrendered his wife but
after two years of his second marriage, Rajgopal has his eyes
on someone else.
Suddenly Rajgopal tells Jeev Jyoti's family
that he does not like Prince at all.
He says that your daughter is
growing up, remove that tutor but
Jeev Jyoti's family does not agree to this
and Prince keeps giving tuition to their son.
For this insult, Rajgopal
snatches their house and also the father's job. To
earn money, the father goes to Malaysia
while his family is in Chennai.
But after the father goes to Malaysia,
Rajgopal starts communicating with Jeev Jyoti's mother.
During this time,
Prince and Jeev Jyoti fall in love
and on 28 April 1998, 18-year-old Jeev
Jyoti runs away from her house and marries Prince.
After marriage, she lives in a village near South Chennai.  They
rent a house in Kotiwakam area. For
two-three years, Prince and Jeev
Jyoti live a very happy life, but
after 2001, a devil enters their life.
In 2001, Jeev Jyoti starts her own travel
agency.
Prince also joins this business to support her,
but she has neither money nor
any support to ask for a loan from the bank. So Jeev
Jyoti goes to her mother and says, “Mother,
I need money. Mother says, I do
n’t know anyone, I only
know Rajgopal who can get us money.”
As soon as Rajgopal gets a news, “No
problem, I am here.” At the same time,
Rajgopal also meets an astrologer. The
astrologer says that if he marries Jeev Jyoti, then there will be no limit to success
in his life.
I will make Jeev Jyoti my next wife. Then
Rajgopal tells Jeev Jyoti
that I will give you a loan but on two conditions.
First condition, this loan will be given to you
in installments and second
condition, whenever you get an installment,
you will have to perform some rituals.
These rituals will be done in Balaur,
Chennai.  About 150 km away from Vellore, where
Rajagopal's guru lived, Jeev Jyoti would have to
come here on five consecutive Fridays and
perform Puja. So, according to the condition,
every Friday Jeev Jyoti would reach Vellore and
perform the rituals and then she would be given the installment. On the
first two Fridays, Rajagopal
gave her Rs. 0000 and on the fifth Friday, he
gave her a blank cheque of Rs. 5 lakhs. With this money, on
23 August 2001, finally Prince
and Jeev Jyoti opened their travel agency.
Rajagopal also
took the responsibility of inaugurating the agency. Rajagopal accepted in his mind that Jeev
Jyoti was his. He would call her to his house,
call her to the office, keep an eye on her day and night
and buy gifts. Whenever she would
reject these gifts, he would get angry and say, "I have
brought this, now you have to take this."
But now Jeev Jyoti's bad
condition started. After a few days, Jeev Jyoti had to be
admitted to the hospital because
she had fallen ill.
When her medical tests were being done,
suddenly Rajagopal entered her room
with his doctors without any permission.  K
Rajagopal's private doctors read Jeeva Jyothi's
records and announce that she will have to go to
another hospital,
so Rajagopal orders to
discharge Jeeva Jyothi from here right away. He
hands her a mobile phone and
says that if there is any problem,
call me. Jeeva Jyothi is
admitted to another hospital. The doctors say
that nothing has happened to you, you should
go home. On the contrary, the doctors tell Prince, her husband,
that he will have to come to the hospital
for a semen test and the doctor says
that until this test is done, they
cannot be with each other. Four days later,
one of Rajagopal's bouncers picks up Prince
from his house and takes him to the hospital for a semen test.
Here Prince is told that he is
probably HIV positive and he needs to get a medical
test done. Meanwhile, Rajagopal
calls Jeeva Jyothi and tells her that
Prince has HIV. He says that Prince is
doing black magic on her to make her more
glamorous, due to which she has become
ill. In the Tamil film industry, the
word glamorous is
used as a sexy word.  Rajagopal says
that Prince has married you just for
money, he wants to make you glamorous
and then put you in the movie industry so that
he can earn money. Jeeva Jyothi
replies that all this is nonsense and she disconnects the call.
Late night, someone knocks on the door of Prince and Jeeva Jyothi.
Outside the door is Rajagopal with Jeeva Jyothi
's entire family. Rajagopal
shouts at the family that your
daughter neither has the manners to talk nor does she
know who she is talking to. She has no
respect. When I call her, she does
not even answer properly and directly disconnects the
call. Thousands of people wait for my one call
and she ignores my call.
Jeeva Jyothi threatens that she will
call the police. Rajagopal
hands over his mobile phone to Jeeva Jyothi
and says that you can call any police station.
He says that I
know every police personnel of Chennai and no
police officer dares to
touch me. I throw money at them
like people throw leftover food for dogs.  Then
he looks at Prince and shouts, "
Just get out of here and tell her to either
come as my third wife or
learn to live with me quietly." You have only
two days to decide.
To escape from Rajagopal, Prince and Jeev Jyothi have only one
way to escape from Chennai. So
they go to their house, pack whatever
cash they can get their hands on and run away,
but they don't know that Rajagopal has also
made a plan for them
[Music].
As they try to escape,
they see Rajagopal's
goons, who are restaurant managers during the day
and goons at night. These goons take Prince, Jeev
Jyothi and her family to the godown in Ashok Nagar,
where they are
imprisoned in a room. After 10 minutes,
Rajagopal reaches there with his men.
He goes towards Prince and slaps him hard.
Then Rajagopal and his
men start beating him. Prince
tells Jeev Jyothi to please help him,
but seeing this, Rajagopal angrily walks away and says, "
Don't touch her."  If I even touch her, I will
kill you. Seeing all this,
Jeeva Jyothi is crying. In a corner,
Rajagopal goes to Jeeva Jyothi and
says, you think you can run away from me.
If I want, I can do whatever I want with you right now,
but I am
not going to do such a cheap act. I
want to make you my third wife in a proper way so that
you can stay with me for the rest of your life. Then he
tells Prince that I had asked you to get out of this city
and you were trying to elope with her.
You
cannot run away with her. He lets both of them go home and
gives them a week's deadline to
take the final decision. But the next day, there is a twist in the story. Suddenly,
Jeeva Jyothi
gets a call from Rajagopal's goon Daniel.
But the twist is that Daniel does
not threaten Jeeva Jyothi, but helps her. He
repeatedly says sorry to her and says that
you should file a complaint against Rajagopal.
He advises her
not to go to the local police because
Rajagopal has his hand on their head. Instead, you should
go to the Chennai Police Commissioner.  They
cannot go to the police commissioner because
Rajagopal's goons are everywhere outside their house
but somehow they escape from the house
and reach the commissioner's office. Jeeva
Jyothi files a 30-page complaint
against Rajagopal. Then Prince and Jeeva
Jyothi return home. As they
enter the area, they see that
many more goons are deployed around their house. Scared
Jeeva Jyothi suddenly calls Daniel to
ask for help. Daniel tells them to hide for a few
days. So for the next six days they
stay in a small hotel in the hope
that the police will take action on their complaint. Jeeva
Jyothi is so scared
that she does not even step out of her hotel room.
She gets information about Rajagopal and her family
only through Daniel's
calls. She tells Daniel that the
police are not doing anything. I
want to go to the journalists and
arrange a press conference.
Daniel tells her that I have
good news for you. I have
set up a meeting with a reporter.
You take a taxi that evening and
Reach Chennai Pondicherry highway,
you will find a reporter at the meeting point. As soon as they
reach the meeting point, they
see two ambassadors who have
blocked their taxi. Rajagopal's goons come out of these ambassadors with
knives in their hands. Daniel comes out of the other car. Jeev
Jyothi comes to know that
Daniel has played a game against them. These
goons beat both of them. Jeev Jyothi
refuses to leave her husband, but
the goons drag her and take her to Rajagopal.
Rajagopal shows Jeev Jyothi a paper.
See, this is the copy of the complaint you had given to the police,
I had
told you that there will be no use in going to the police against me.
Then he takes Jeev Jyothi in his car
through a village and says
that don't worry, Prince is
in the car behind us, but when Jeev Jyothi turns,
she does not see any car there. The
next morning they reach the village. This village is
known for its tantriks who
remove black magic from people with their herbs and mantras. Rajagopal
takes Jeev Jyothi to these people.  And he says
to exorcise Prince's ghost from this girl. Then
a stroke is applied on Jeev Jyothi's forehead.
At this moment, one of Rajagopal's men
comes running there. He takes Rajagopal aside
and tells him in his ear that Prince has run
away in the car. After this, things
escalate to an extent that Jeev Jyothi would have
never imagined.
Rajagopal then drops Jeev Jyothi and her family to
their home. At this time, Jeev
Jyothi is hoping that
she will hear Prince's voice but she does
not get any news about Prince.
But the next day, her phone is saved.
Prince is on the other end of the line but he does not have good
news. He says that Rajagopal had
given 5 lakhs to Daniel to kill him
but maybe he took pity on Prince, so he let
him run away but gave a warning that
he should not set foot in Chennai next time and should
never contact Jeev Jyothi. Jeev
Jyothi tells Prince to
come back and she will fall at Annachi's feet to
apologize to him. Prince asks Jeev Jyothi
why don't you run away from home.
Come to me, but she says that
Rajagopal's goons are standing everywhere around my house.
Finally Prince agrees and he
comes home. Jeev Jyoti then calls Rajagopal
and says that Prince has returned,
please I touch your feet, forgive us.
Meanwhile Rajagopal reaches their house.
Both of them touch his feet, but Rajagopal does
not even move.
He imprisons everyone in his office
and first of all he targets Daniel. He
shouts at Daniel that did you
kill Prince. Daniel says yes, he
asks how did you kill him, tell me. Daniel
then makes up a big story.
Then immediately he opens the door where
Prince is present. Daniel starts sweating.
Rajagopal then looks at
Jeev Jyoti and Prince. He makes them
sign on blank papers, so that he can
write a statement in their name on the same paper and goes to the police station saying that both of them have
withdrawn their statement.
After this, he first takes Jeev Jyoti to the same
tantriks to whom
he had gone earlier. Then he takes both of them
in his car.  He throws her in the car and takes her to a deserted place,
drags Prince from the car and
tells his goons to
finish him off.
This is the last time when Jeev Jyoti
sees Prince alive. Then
Rajagopal imprisons her and her family in Chennai
and then takes Jeev Jyoti
to an astrologer. The astrologer says
that the stars of Prince and her do not match.
They can be brother and sister but
not lovers. Then Jeev Jyoti is
taken to a Pandit who does many
things quickly and puts a garland around Jeev Jyoti's neck.
21-year-old Jeev Jyoti has no
idea what has happened to her.
When she comes home, her mother
tells her what has happened to her. The
Pandit also cremates Prince in a few minutes
and Rajagopal and Jeev
Jyoti get married. Jeev Jyoti goes into depression
and stops eating. Her
family cannot tolerate her like this.
They say that they will have to do something. Then
they tell Rajagopal's goons
that they have to buy some things
from the market.  On this pretext, he runs away to his village.
As soon as he reaches the village, he
sees the police from Chennai who are
looking for Jeeva Jyothi. The family
tells everything to the police and the police says that you don't worry,
file an FIR against Rajgopal,
we will take over everything in Chennai.
Jeeva Jyothi files an FIR
after which arrests start.
Many of Rajgopal's goons including Daniel are arrested.
Rajgopal starts feeling that the
police will not be sold this time, so he
surrenders himself. He is sent to Madras Central
Jail. As the investigation is going on,
during the investigation, the police
also meet Raj Gopal's first wife, who
tells them that I know that my
husband is a woman, but he has the responsibility of thousands of people on his shoulders,
please grant him bail. During interrogation,
Daniel tells the police that he
murdered Prince and threw the body in Kodai Canal. To
find the body, the police goes to Kodai
Canal. They go to the place
where the body was thrown, but they do not find anything there,
so they go back to the police station, but after
two months, they are arrested.  Later two forest
guards call him and
they have found the body.
This is a big breakthrough in the case. An
investigation officer says that usually
when a body is dumped on a mountain like Kudai Canal,
it falls and is never
found. But it seems as if Raj Gopal had
bad luck that the body fell only 15 feet and got stuck.
Charge sheet is filed in February 2002
and the trial starts after January 2003.
A reporter of Hindu newspaper is
covering this entire case and he
says that I saw Rajgopal many times
but it did not seem from his face that
any investigation is going on against him. He was just
laughing and playing as if nothing had happened. In
fact he met Rajgopal once
and Rajgopal told him that brother, you also do not
worry, nothing can happen to me.
Meanwhile his business is also doing very well.
Sarvan Bhavan has opened in countries like Dubai, Singapore, US, Europe, Canada and Malaysia.
Many times Rajgopal goes to Jeev Jyoti to
tell her to withdraw money.
One day he gives her ₹ lakhs and
promises to pay her college fees and
also offers her a manager's position in Saravan Bhavan,
but Jeev Jyoti
files a police complaint against this, after which
Rajagopal is arrested. A few
years later, in an interview, Rajagopal
tells his tale of woe that he had to
spend ₹ 1 lakh every month so that
food could come from his home to the jail. In 2004, a sessions court
sentences Rajagopal for culpable
homicide not amounting to murder. The court
says that Rajagopal actually did
not want to kill Prince and that is why we are sentencing him to 10
years and a fine of ₹ 50 lakhs,
not life imprisonment. Chennai police appeals against this
in Madras High Court and
in 2009, finally Madras High Court
convicts Rajagopal. Employees
stand by Rajagopal. In 2009, Rajagopal
goes to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court
immediately grants bail to Rajagopal
on health grounds and says  You will not
go to jail until this entire operation is over.
How much time does it take to complete the operation?
years. On 29 March 2019, the Supreme Court
gives the order and says that Rajagopal will get life
imprisonment. Rajagopal is now 72 years old
and the Supreme Court orders
him to surrender immediately, but at this time
Rajagopal is suffering from diabetes, so
4 days before the surrender, he gets
admitted to a private hospital. Five days later,
his lawyer tells the Supreme Court to
delay his surrender. On the same day, he is
loaded into an ambulance and taken to a
government hospital in Chennai.
Rajagopal, the owner and founder of the
renowned Sarvana Bhavan restaurant chain, has
passed away. 10 days later, he gets a heart attack
and dies.
Rajagopal's last wish was that the day
he dies, all the outlets of Sarvana Bhavan will
remain open. During his trial and investigation,
Rajagopal did not confess even once the
crimes he had committed.  After his death,
Jeev Jyoti said that I did a lot of
penance and sentenced him to life imprisonment. As
long as I am alive, I will not forget
what he did to me. I
cannot accept that he died without serving the life sentence.
So my wound remained a wound.
After the verdict, Jeev Jyoti
opened Thanjila's shop. She has
expanded her business and today she earns money by
designing bridal dresses.